update screenshots and other fixes for server-side sampling docs (#5430)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/data-management-settings/server-side-sampling/index.mdx

_Server-side sampling_ lets you control which transactions Sentry retains by setting sampling rules and rates, so you see more of the transactions you want to explore further, and less of the ones you don’t. In contrast to [client-side sampling](/platform-redirect/?next=/configuration/sampling/), server-side sampling allows you to manage your sampling configuration centrally and lets you make changes without the need to reconfigure the SDK and redeploy your application.

![The Server-Side Sampling page with a list of rules](server-side-sampling.png)

> _[A trace](/product/sentry-basics/tracing/distributed-tracing/) represents the record of an entire operation you want to measure or track, like a page load, an instance of a user completing some action in your application, or a cron job in your backend. A trace consists of one or more transactions and the trace can be distributed across multiple services or projects._

> Because every project is different, you can set multiple sample rules with different sample rates per project. For example, you may need more events from high converting pages, critical API endpoints, or you may need to focus on latency issues from your latest release.

Author: ```suggestion
While server-side sampling allows you to focus in on smaller number of indexed (or retained) events that you can explore more deeply, it also allows you to send a larger number of processed (or ingested) events to Sentry from which performance metrics are derived. With this larger set of processed events, we're better able to provide you with statistically significant insights into the performance of your application. Learn more in our [full Metrics documentation](/product/sentry-basics/metrics/).
 
Because every project is different, you can set multiple sample rules with different sample rates per project. For example, you may need more events from high converting pages, critical API endpoints, or you may need to focus on latency issues from your latest release.
```

_Server-side sampling_ lets you control which transactions Sentry retains by setting sampling rules and rates, so you see more of the transactions you want to explore further, and less of the ones you don’t. In contrast to [client-side sampling](/platform-redirect/?next=/configuration/sampling/), server-side sampling allows you to manage your sampling configuration centrally and lets you make changes without the need to reconfigure the SDK and redeploy your application.

![The Server-Side Sampling page with a list of rules](server-side-sampling.png)

> _[A trace](/product/sentry-basics/tracing/distributed-tracing/) represents the record of an entire operation you want to measure or track, like a page load, an instance of a user completing some action in your application, or a cron job in your backend. A trace consists of one or more transactions and the trace can be distributed across multiple services or projects._

> While server-side sampling allows you to focus in on smaller number of indexed (or retained) events that you can explore more deeply, it also allows you to send a larger number of processed (or ingested) events to Sentry from which performance metrics are derived. With this larger set of processed events, we're better able to provide you with statistically significant insights into the performance of your application. Learn more in our [full Metrics documentation](/product/sentry-basics/metrics/).

Author: ```suggestion
While server-side sampling allows you to retain a smaller number of more relevant events (called _indexed_ events) that you can explore in full detail, it also allows you to view performance metrics based on all the events you send to Sentry (called _processed_ events). With this larger set of processed events, we're better able to provide you with statistically significant insights into the performance of your application. Learn more in our [full Metrics documentation](/product/sentry-basics/metrics/).
```

> While server-side sampling allows you to focus in on smaller number of indexed (or retained) events that you can explore more deeply, it also allows you to send a larger number of processed (or ingested) events to Sentry from which performance metrics are derived. With this larger set of processed events, we're better able to provide you with statistically significant insights into the performance of your application. Learn more in our [full Metrics documentation](/product/sentry-basics/metrics/).

Author: Just a heads up, I haven't used the word "enables" because we avoid using it in relation to people.
